hey this is Dina and that's assuming
this is our pool yeah I work for me and
there's no one no everyday
NAT Sam's caught that's yeah brenton
bumper got eaten by a monster
me
the monster's name is beggary the doc
turned into a monster truck
wait duck
a month there dot faked her car yeah
that'll happen
hey did you see pictures the dragonfly
we're gonna talk about ah no this is our
pool like pantheon
Oh
but hey
we bought this for $20 at Walmart yes we
did and then Sammy left me for
Schiphol to my house yep
oh yeah
and more rubber duck
we should proceed to let the bottom room
first and it's not
the bottom if you like
except smaller and not waving
the first time we had a pool party
Sammy's big dogs off he got in the pool
and you peed hold it whoa just got on TV
I don't feel it the same temperature as
the others yeah I hold keep okay do you
like to find around I have to work but
not me I have to go to the dentist I
think we need more comments on our
videos and more subscribers yes please
so if you have YouTube and you look at
our video please subscribe cuz we're
posting and favorite would be friends
even though we're famous we have to
subscribe now we have three now we have
three or did we get three theirs
is she a dancer the upper GI
probabilities we have three been two
friends and like one video comments
Craig was our first friend we love Craig
and then that mr. tighten whatever guy
was a first video commenter
oh yeah Thank You mr. tighten whatever
yeah we appreciated it but we need more
subscribers add comments and friends we
think we figured out how to put music in
the beginning our video solid who sue
said that was that mr. Titan guy yeah
mr. Titan guy we figured out how to do
music so we're gonna get on that and we
don't know if that's your real name or
not but we just know starts the mystery
to Titan yeah so sorry for getting it
wrong kinda hot outside but in the pool
it feels good yeah it shouldn't be but
we're lower okay thank you I love Steve
thanks thanks
I love that boy inna understand me yeah
Sammy sure in our Paul even though we
said all this I wouldn't say okay we
show them
Oh God well this is the Sammy show and
I'm steena we said that already
oh this is the Sammy show again
you're like an eyelid I just thank you
back to life seven starters ringing that
your phone
my phone is ringing but I don't feel
like it mine's not ringing because the
person who wants that started sleeping
asleep excuse me you're excused making
to you um yeah sure I lost a fucking
view of everyone thinking about like oh
good I've been tired even though it
doesn't matter so not but damn you can't
make a fish face nope
can I cut this off yeah because it's
almost done
I believe stuff on my cameras which
people
my
let's go Uther
look I love me
okay listen because if I buy myself I
Oh
do not say
yeah I should have and then save it just
went back because she passed the top of
you I got it
I should have pressed